 THE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANBEAT CORNELL!SEE YOU AT THE PROMAssociated Press ServiceVol. LI No. 48PHILADELPHIA, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934Price: Five CentsPROM STARTS JUNIOR WEEK-END TONIGHTPENNSYLVANIA AND CORNELL BOTH DETERMINED TO DEFEAT EACH OTHER IN ANNUAL GRIDIRON CLASSICHUGE RALLIES SEND OFF TEAMS IN LAST MINUTE PREPARATIONS; FINAL POLISHING TOUCHES APPLIED BY HARMAN TO QUAKER TEAMBy Bench WarmerBy Don HassellGrim and determined, Pennsylvania’s football warriors have finished their final football practice on Franklin Field for the year. From Captain Pennypacker down to the last valiant substitute, the Red and Blue ran through a short signal drill and offensive dummy practice with an eye constantly cocked on the rapidly approaching game. They do not know whether the sweet cup of victory will be in their grasp Thanksgiving night, or whether it will be the bitter dregs of defeat. Of one thing they are certain—they will fight until they can fight no more. Captain Pennypacker, in a statement which was received with enthusiastic acclaim in last night’s “Beat Cornell” rally and sendoff said that the whole team would “Fight Like Hell.” Pennsylvania’s hopes received a severe setback in practice yesterday when Paul King suffered a wrenched knee. Whether he will be able toSpecial to the Daily Pennsylvanian from the Cornell Daily SunLeaving in the wake of a gigantic football rally that saw the return of “Touchdown,” the famous bear mascot that has frightened many a Penn team into throwing the game to Cornell, the Big Red eleven with every man in good shape, entrained for Philadelphia last night, anxious to do battle with its traditional rival, Penn. Some 1,000 students escorted the Varsity to the station. Flares, horns, and cheers sent the players off on the crest of a great wave of enthusiasm, and even Gil Dobie, the noted gridiron pessimist, smiled in delight. The Cornell coach, who took a squad of about 40 players with him, will probably start an alert eleven consisting of Nunn and Irving, ends; Gilman and Murdock, tackles; Ron Wilson and Borland, guards; Pfeiffer, center; and Switzer, Stofer, Hack Wilson, and Condon, backs. With theMASK AND WIG FINDS IT DARKEST BEFORE DAWNBut the Recruits for Preliminary Skits Have Not Appeared on Horizon “War is hell,” said General Bo Brown in a bulletin issued at midnight from the Mask and Wig staff headquarters in Fortress Irvine. Without further comment on this brief statement he left a roomful of reporters who had awaited his statement for several hours. It is believed that the very meek enthusiasm shown for the forthcoming skirmishes for 1935 cast men prompted the General’s caustic remark last night. The date for going over the top, as far as the preliminary skits are concerned, is December 11, a second attack taking place the next night. All the advice and facilities of the staff from the General down are to be placed at the disposal of new recruits for the skits, it being considered of paramount importance to get a group of men in shape to handle the mainPICKING THE WINNERSWith TREBOR Record: Right—76, Wrong—29, Avg: 724. Continually on the alert to satisfy the reader, Trebor has decided in his last prediction column of the season to dispense with the usual humorous quips following each game, and to replace them with the hazardous business of guessing the scores. PENNSYLVANIA—2O, Cornell—6. ARMY—I 2, Navy—3. LOUSIANA STATE—I 3, Tulane—7. ALABAMA—I 9, Vanderbilt—6. SO. CALIFORNIA—7, Washington—6. RICE—I 3, Baylor—o. COLGATE—26, Brown—o. TEMPLE—I 3, Bucknell—o. PITTSBURG—2S, Carnegie Tech—6. KANSAS—I 4, Missouri—o. GEORGIA—I 9, Georgia Tech—9. NO. CAROLINA—27, Virginia—o. WASHINGTON STATE—2O, W. & L.—l 2, Co Carolina—o. TEXAS CHRISTIAN—I 4, So. Methodist—l 3. DUKE—27, N. C. State—o. TENNESSEE—2O, Kentucky—6. F. & M.—l 3, Gettysburg—o. KANSAS STATE—I 2, Nebraska—lo. FORDHAM—26, New York U.—o.Weather ForecastCloudy and WarmerRodney Wins Dormitory Touch Football Final Over WarwickRodney Dormitory men subdued their Warwick brothers yesterday in the deciding game of the Interdormitory touch football tournament by a 14-6 tally. Well placed long passes predominated and won the game for Rodney but the entire contest was so close that it was difficult to forecast the victor. Bob Wilson was Rodney’s first point maker. He began a right end rush but reversed and dashed around the opposite end. The conversion was made on an aerial from Jimmy Wilson to Harry Little. In the second period the Rodney aggregation repeated their scoring play. Bob Bennett threw to Paul Abrey who crossed the final chalkline just before three enemy men tagged him. The Warwick team was less fortunate in scoring but manipulated intricate plays and threatened to score four times. Jim Pellor shot a pass to “Whimpy” Whitridge to chalk up its only score.NEWS OF THE WORLDSTUDENTS STRIKE AGAINST LONG Baton Rouge, La., Nov. 27. —Rebuking the editorship of Senator Huey P. Long at Louisiana State University, the journalism fraternity today demanded freedom of the press by removal of the censorship Long forced on the “Reveille,” official campus publication. It resulted in suspension of the paper. Some forty members of the School of Journalism laid down an ultimatum that they would not cotribute one word to the Reveille until the editorial and managerial staff who resigned last night under the enforced censorship are restored to their positions. Vienna, Nov. 27. —Vienna took on a martial aspect tonight as authorities prepared to deal with any recurrences of the day’s student riots which it was feared would develop into a Nazi putsch. Motor trucks filled with steel-helmeted police and auxiliary forces rumbled through the streets, supplementing heavy details of mounted police on patrol ready to suppress any further demonstrations. Fears of a Nazi putsch grew out of street demonstrations, which, starting as antiCzech manifestations, quickly assumed antigovernment and pro-Nazi proportions.from The Associated PressThrongs of students, inflamed by recent antiGerman riots at the University in Praha, capital of Czechoslovakia, attacked the Czechoslovak legation, shouting “down with Czechoslovakia! Avenge our fellow students in Praha!” They were repulsed by police who battered them with swords and clubs. THREE GIRLS BELIEVED TO HAVE SUFFOCATED Carlisle, Pa., Nov. 27. —Suffocation was advanced tonight as “possibly” the cause of the death of three little girls whose bodies woodsmen stumbled upon last Saturday. The announcement, though official, was indefinite, and was followed by another official statement that state police were told by a tourist camp keeper that a couple with three children whose descriptions correspond with those of the mystery girls left her place last Wednesday after stopping for several days. JAPAN NEAR DENUNCIATION OF NAVAL TREATY London, Nov. 27.—Britain again declined to accede to Japan’s demand for naval parity, and tonight there apparently was left to settle only the question of procedure inIsham Jones and Doc Peyton Tune up for Junior Prom Tonight; Hutchinson Gymnasium in Gala Attire as Time for Event NearsBy J. Crosier SchaeferGreatest Advance Sale in Years Reported by Co-Chairman of Ticket Committee, Proving Immense Popularity of Orchestras Among Pennsylvania Prom-Goers DECORATORS PRODUCE BRILLIANT MODERN EFFECTFreshmen Urged to Continue the Dink Tradition Tomorroiv Cooperation from each man in the class of 1938 has been asked by the Freshman Council for the continuance of a famous Pennsylvania tradition. First year men have always appeared at the PennsylvaniaCornell Thanksgiving Day game in full regulations, including the dink. On this last day of regulations, for the Freshman custom comes to an end at the conclusion of the game, it has always been considered a splendid tribute to the old and famous traditions of the University on the part of the youngest class to appear in the garb which is itself a part of that tradition. A great sea of black hats waving enthusiastically for the team and flying in wild disorder at the conclusion of the contest is the tradition which the Freshmen are urged to carry on.Twinkling Disc, Constantly Revolving, Sends Forth Golden Radiance Throughout Hall FAMED BEAUTIES COMINGSparkling in holiday dress, Hutchinson Gymnasium awaits in readiness the stroke of eleven tonight, when a flick of Isham Jones’ baton will raise the curtain on the 1934 Junior Prom. Assisting Maestro Jones with the musical chores will be Doc Peyton, whose orchestra was the surprise sensation of last year’s Prom. “The greatest advance sale in years has been enjoyed by the Prom Ticket Committee,” asserts Robert Margolis, co-chairman of that body. “Isham’s weekly radio feature seems to have won him a huge following, while Doc Peyton’s triumph at the 1933 Prom has not been forgotten.” Brilliant effects have been produced by the decorators in their lavish adornment of Hutchinson Gymnasium for the Prom. The decoration motif is refreshingly modern, with its geometric lines and curves. Under the class numerals “1936,” emblazoned on one wall, a twinkling, revolving disc studs the colored background.Vacation ExtendedDuring the trying period from the opening of college this year until the beginning of the Thanksgiving holiday the University has enjoyed the whole hearted and loyal support of the undergraduate body in all activities in the classroom, on the playing field, and on the campus. In appreciation of the splendid spirit thus displayed it has been decided to extend the Thanksgiving vacation to include Monday, December 3rd. In making this decision the University does not create a precedent, but merely recognizes the helpfulness and cooperation which has been exhibited by the undergraduates and affords them this extra day for study, recreation or pleasure as their wishes dictate. Classes will reassemble on Tuesday morning, December 4 as usual. This regulation applies only to the undergraduate schools and not to graduate or professional schools. George Wm. McClelland Vice President in charge of the Undergraduate Schools.COACH HARMAN SAYS:The Thanksgiving game should be very close. There is every indication that this old classic will furnish the kind of football that has made this game traditionally great. Although Pennsylvania has had a better season so far, there has been a striking similarity in the development of the two teams. Both teams started slowly and both teams have come along steadily. Both were weak in the open game at the start of the year and both have now become proficient in this department. Recently the Red and Blue backs have demonstrated their ability against a good open game and if they continue their high type of offensive play and if our line will outcharge Cornell’s, we will win. While Pennsylvania is rated the fa-vorite, Cornell will be able to use its full strength, but we are minus the services of Kurlish, Bartholomew and Forrest. If Stofko and Brown are able to go against Cornell our chances will be greatly improved. Of this I am certain; the game will be clean and exceptionally hard fought. It will be open, and it will go to the team that most wants to win. There will probably be some brilliant open-field work with Switzer, Warwick and Elverson in the game. There is too much talk around the campus about what a good team we will have next year. I think we have a good team now. All they lack is confidence There is no use waiting until next year to start that winning streak. Why not start it against Cornell tomorrow?THREE RUSHING RULES VOIDED BY COMMITTEE ON STUDENT WELFAREStating that Group “B” fraternities have generally disregarded rushing regulations, George William McClelland, chairman of the Committee on Welfare, issued a statement yesterday revoking Rules 1,2, and 3 of the regulations laid down last spring by the Committee. Rules 4 and 5 remain effective, however. The regulations revoked concerned the date on which rushing was to begin, the restrictions on meeting the new students, and the hours at which rushing might be carried on. Those regulations which remain in force concern the manner in which invitations may be issued, and the time and conditions of initiation. Dr. McClelland’s statement announced that “There seems to be indisputable evidence that Group “B” fraternities generally disregarded these regulations. Charles Levy, Chairman of the Interfraternity Class “B” Council, issued the following statement: “The Committee on Welfare proved itself incapable of handling a delicate situation; its disciplinary force is very weak, and the University lowered itself in the eyes of many.Freshman Court Men Will Report TuesdayFirst Drill Scheduled for 4:00 P. M. in Weightman Hall; Each Man Must Bring His Own Equipment Freshman basketball for the 193435 season will start Tuesday, December 4, when all candidates are requested to report at Weightman Hall at 4:00. Each man is required to furnish his own equipment as arrangements have not yet been made to issue University uniforms. The candidates are also required to have a physical examination and bring a health certificate to the first practice. The examinations and certificates may be obtained at the Student Health Service. Rea McGraw, who coached Jay-Vee football this year, will be in charge of the first year men. He is replacing Poss Miller who is now coaching at the Philadelphia School of Osteopathy. The Varsity squad is practicing in the Palestra daily under the direction of Coach Lon Jourdet in preparation for its first game on Saturday. Decerpber 8 with Lafayette. The squad has shown great improvement since practice started four weeks ago and the prospects for a successful season are very good.Prom Ticket CommitteeThe final meeting of the Prom Ticket Committee will be held today at 4:00 P. M. in Room 5 Houston Hall. All committeemen must report with either tickets or money. Those men who have not returned their tickets before the Prom will be held responsible for the same in full.(Continued on Page Seven)(Continued on Page Eight)(Continued on Page Eight)(Continued on Page Seven)(Continued on Page Seven)(Continued on Page Seven) The Daily Pennsylvanian Associated Press Service 3443 Woodland Ave., Philadelphia, Pa. Published in the interest of the University of Pennsylvania daily, except Saturday and Sunday, during the University year Editor-in-Chief Joseph W. Carnwath Business Manager Charles Levy, Jr. Managing Editor Donald F. Kent Advertising Manager Bernard Citron Circulation Manager . Paul D. Hinkel Columnist J. Berton Carnett GENERAL BOARDS Editorial Joseph W. Carnwath, Chairman Faculty Representative — Dr. Reese James E. Ahern, Jr. E. Keller H. Matthews G. Stillman T. Green C. Macko W. Robinson O. Simpson F. Jones W. R. Harris W. Hastings Business Charles Levy, Jr., Chairman B. Citron Frederick Wright A. Lewis H. Seiller J. R. Kendig Nelson Curtis M. Kaplan T. Hinkel H. Moore H. Kellor C. Barchfield R. Milnor Paul D. Hinkel W. Martien W. Dodge R. Gray L. Schultes M. Sabloskv I. Perlmutter R. A. Newfield Staff Photographer Stanley Fishman Personnel Manager Guy della-Cioppa Telephone, Evergreen 0100. Ext.: Edit. 1188. Bus. 1187. Subscription Rates: $5.00 per academic year ($6.50 by mail in Phila. County) ($5,50 by mail outside Phila.) Faculty Subscription, $3.00 Entered at Philadelphia Postoffice as second-class matter. Published daily during the college year except Saturdays, Sundays, holidays, vacations, recesses, and examination periods. Member of Major College Publications,• represented by the A. J. Norris Hill Co., 155 E. 42nd St., N. Y.; 123 W. Madison St., Chicago; Call Bldg., San Francisco; 1004 2nd Ave., Seattle; 1031 S. Broadway, Los Angeles PRINTED BY THE UNIVERSITY PRINTING & DUPLICATING SERVICE LETTERS TO THE EDITOR RULES: (1) Publication of a letter must not be regarded as endorsement of its sentiments by the Daily Pennsylvanian. (2) Name and address are required as evidence of good faith, but will not be printed if correspondent so prefers. (3) Letters should be written on one side of sheet and not exceed 300 words. Night Editors COATH HASTINGSFRESHMAN NOTICEThe entire upperclass body insists all members of the Class of 1938 wear full regulations from NOW until AFTER the Cornell game.YouthSmug we are, and vain—we college men. To those who look upon us we must seem quite puffed up. Our attitude superior, our manner domineering —what front, what gilded surfaces we present! Yet who knows, more than we ourselves, the qualms which torture us, the doubts which wrack us, the misgivings which we have in our own abilities? Oh we can say, and say we do, that our elders flee before us. We can brag, and boast, and bluster that we, the moderns, are not fools. Yet in our hearts the truth torments us. “How can we make good our claims?” Indifference—that’s our weakness. We take matter too much as it comes and give no attention to its source. Why are we in college? Why are we fed? Why are we clothed? Do we appreciate our fortune? Are we conscious that we are what we are and where we are because of the tireless labors and beneficient generosity of our parents and their parents and the God who created us all? How grand a world ours would be if we could forever live in humble thanks for all we have; for the successes which encourage us, for the adversity which fires us to ever-increasing effort. In all the hurly-burly of vacation, the manufactured pleasures of the dance, the heart-felt and genuine pleasures of reunion with those at home, let us not dull our minds and hearts to our own most personal source of joy—true, sincere Thanksgiving. j. w. C.An AppreciationThe Daily Pennsylvanian wishes to express the gratitude of the student body to the administration for their decision to extend the Thanksgiving vacation to include Monday, December the third. We appreciate the splendid cooperation of those in charge of undergraduate schools. When The Daily Pennsylvanian, in a recent editorial, suggested that classes be excused on Monday if the football team were victorious over Cornell on Thanksgiving afternoon, it offered this suggestion byway of tradition—a tradition only four years old; more rightly a precedent. Most undergraduates are conscious of the fact that this University needs more, to be blunt, college spirit; more of the color and usual collegiate traditions found often in excess upon the campuses of other institutions. It was for this end that we suggested that the University recognize “No School Monday”. We were, and are, desirous of creating more of that indefinite glamour found among other universities and colleges which Pennsylvania, in many respects, is lacking. Again, we congratulate the administration for their holiday decision. We appreciate this evidence of sincere understanding.ClassmatesAn orchid to the Junior Class for their fine turnout in the traditional Cane March yesterday. Nearly five hundred men took part in the march, breaking all previous records for the event in recent years. A double line of third-year men stretched from the Library steps to Bennett Hall at one point during the march, making a mighty impressive array to all who witnessed the procession. But aside from the physical splendor of the march itself was an especially bright sidelight. Men who for nearly two years have been separated from their fellow classmates by that invisible something known as fraternal bond mixed again as classmates and a spirit of good feeling and amiability pervaded the setting. Our one regret is that it takes something as inspiring as a Cane March to give impetus to class and campus unity. Why can’t each day at Pennsylvania be one like yesterday? Such a goal should be our aim.Cooperation!Members of Group “B” fraternities, by their own actions, have left the Committee on Welfare no alternative but to withdraw the protective regulations regarding rushing and pledging of new men. By their own lack of cooperation they have forfeited the protection offered them by the University to maintain an orderly rushing season. Now they are on their own hook, faced with the problem of “cut-throat rushing”. By their unwillingness to play ball according to the rules, offenders have penalized not only their own group—who apparently were not overly willingto obey the official proclamation—but also the entire student body, to a great extent. They have gone a long way toward blasting the administration’s faith in the solemn word of campus organizations; they have disgusted all who know the facts of their open breach. We are extremely disappointed to learn that Pennsylvania men hold their word in no higher regard than these offenders.ProgressOur Zelosophic Society is progressing. You may remember how they were embarrassed by the paucity of the audience at a lecture they sponsored and how the society advertised (in vain, it seems) by posters to join their estimable club. But now their publicity agent has concocted a brilliant scheme to allure new members into the society whether they have literary and dramatic interest or not. This advertising scheme (by poster) is even better than that cunning Philomathean Society poster which solemnly said, “Lincoln belonged to the Philomathean. Why not YOU?” But the new Zelo posters are more diabolically clever. They are of two types. One has a picture of a ravishing female and a caption under it: “She’s a Pennsylvania co-ed. Meet her at the Zelosophic Society.” This type is posted wherever the male students congregate. The other poster is exactly the same except that it has a picture of some man looking like a Greek God and this poster is put in Bennett Hall and other places where co-eds are. Both the girl and boy in the picture are not Zelo members. They are magazine advertising models. The sex drive is more powerful thanthe desire for prestige, and we feel that Zelo’s advertising campaign will be even more successful than Philo’s. We admire the cleverness of Zelo’s publicity agent. But we dislike the use to which he has put that cleverness. That brand of advertising is cheap and defeats the very purpose of the club, which is primarily a group interested in dramatic literature and not a means for securing friendships with members of the opposite sex.CONTEMPSLast year Columbia University granted a Ph. D. degree to the author of a thesis on the “Duties of a Janitor.’ The year before, they gave a degree for a manuscript on washing dishes. Excuses for cuts are not required at the University of Kansas because the maintenance cost of the absence file in the dean’s office was too expensive.TWOTHE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANWEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934it's a small world after all! Cheer up, old man, even if you can’t eat turkey at home this year. Thanksgiving will still be cause for thanksgiving if you join the family circle by telephone! 1, • Call 1,000 miles for $2.00 by Station to Station Night Rate after 8:30P.M. The Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania No. 5DISTINCTIVE EVENING ATTIRE $ 40 IN SELECTING Clothes for Eventing Wear it is imperative that yon are informed of the newest and smartest styles. And yon can rely upon SOX MILLER’S judgment, can’t you? The ultra smart Dinner Jacket is rapidly gaining *in popularity . . . and in our estimation the Double-breasted Tuxedo illustrated here is far superior to any that have yet been offered in Philadelphia. And as for really smart Full Dress Suits . . . see these . . . they’re correctly styled and tailored of a rich black fabric . . . words cannot express the elegance of these garments ... so we invite your inspection. '-4 OUTFITTERS FOR THE JUNIOR PROM sox MILLER Town & Campus Wear Spruce at Thirty-seventh Philadelphia AN INSTITUTION AT PENNSYLVANIA KNOWN FOR QUALITY lllllllllllllfllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll||||||||||||||f||||Hlllllllll|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||llllll!lllll||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||i THE PENNSYLVANIANPictorialSupplememtISHAM JONES AND HIS ORCHESTRABIG EVENINGWhat’s going to happen tonight? Why, don’t be silly, Horace. Tonight’s the Junior Prom. Tonight’s the night when, with books carelessly tossed behind the bureau, the boys indulge in a bit of rapture. Tonight’s the night when the overworked mind of the college man is temporarily divorced from worry. Tonight’s Isham Jones’ night. Tonight’s “Doc” Peyton’s night. Tonight is YOUR night, so hold your hats and prepare for a BIG EVENING.Here are the men behind Junior Prom guns. Left to right are Robert Margolis and Henry Ernst, co-chairmen of ticket sales, Karl M. F. Wilke, general chairman of Junior Week, and Jack Peach and Charles Hoerger, co-chairmen of the Prom.also a brilliant composer of dance tunes. You’ll hear many of them tonight at the Prom.Dr. E. Leßoy Mercer is Dean of Physical Education. One of Pennsylvania’s greatest athletes in his own right, he returned to take his present post when the Gates Plan was installed.Meet the football managerial board. Left to right, they are Ted Smith and George Frazier, assistant managers, John F. Neill, manager, and Thomas S. Hinkel, associate.Isham Jones and his Orchestra will be the main attraction at tonight’! gala Junior Prom. A well-balanced combination of saxes, brass, and string! has made his melodies famous among dance and radio fans.Leading the cheering at the Cornell game will be (standing) Charlei Sturtevant, Herbert Frankenfeld, Joseph Esherick; (squatting) Davie Post, Samuel Blaskey, head cheerleader, and Joseph Carnwath.The Pennsylvania Band, 88 strong, spells out the letter P during the half-time period, Upper Left—Outstanding among the linemen all season long, Gene Gisburne can be relied upon to make the going plenty tough for the Big Red team on his side of the forward wall. Although playing his first year of varsity football, the star of an undefeated Pennington Prep team of a few seasons back has shown remarkable ability in open field tackling and running down under punts.Head Coach Harvey Harman, whose Red and Blue grid team meets Cornell in their traditional Turkey Day battle on Franklin Field tomorrow.Below—Always successful in keying up the spirits of both the team and the student body, all-University rallies are a favorite method of letting off a little of that pregame steam just before important grid battles. Here is a view of a typical get-together held earlier in the season, with one of the cheer leaders encouraging the gang in a little lung exercise.Leads Gridders TomorrowCaptain Johnny Pennypacker, now fully recovered from his knee injury sustained in the Navy contest, will play his last game for the Quakers at left end tomorrow. Not only has he been a scintillating player but also an inspirational leader of his team. His athletic prowess extends further than the realms of football, for he has won his varsity P in basketball and lacrosse as well. His loss at left wing will be a great one to Coach Harman next year.THE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANWEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934FOURA WES O’NEILL Presents A Brilliant Floor Show Supported By 808 BENNETT and his BOCA RATON Orchestra EVERY NIGHT With Lou Melan Roseland and Seville Enjoy A Delicious Thanksgiving Dinner After The Penn-Cornell Game THE LATIMER 247 So. 17th St.FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK APPAREL FOR FALL EMBRACES THE VARIOUS CHARACTERISTICS OF STYLE AND THE STANDARD QUALITY SO DEFINITELY ASSOCIATED WITH THIS HOUSE. ASSORTMENTS ARE NOT ONLY COMPREHENSIVE BUT INTERESTING. SUIT AND TOPCOAT FABRICS ARE EXCEPTIONALLY ATTRACTIVE AND THE MODELS ARE CORRECT AND IN ACCORD WITH CURRENT CUSTOM IDEAS. SUITS AND TOPCOATS INDIVIDUALLY TAILORED, BASTEDTRY-ONS MO - M 5 - *5O sss, EXHIBITION Monday, Dec. 3 and Tueday, Dec. 4 AT BEASTON’S 3701 Spruce St. Philadelphia HARRY SCHEIN, REPRESENTATIVE V ALSO HABERDASHERYNationally Known Attend the Prom "Hit" THE DECK 3405 Walnut Streer Choice Wines LiquersSt. Regis Roof TROPICAL GARDEN (jay, sparkling music by FREDDY MARTIN and his Orchestra Songs by the Inimitable MARION CHASE 4 Dances by CAPERTON & COLUMBUS Nightly except Sunday Dinner Weekdays $3.50 Saturdays $4.00 or a la carte Supper Convert Weekdays $l.OO Saturdays $2.00 For “Reservations Call LAWRENCE PLAZA 3-4500 FORMAL Hotel St.. Regis FIFTH AVENUE at 55 th ST., NEW YORK111111111111111111111111111111111 l A proper Dress Shirt is most essential to Your Evening Apparel^ MANHATTAN DRESS SHIRTS with'porous back and waffle weave bosom and cuffs made on New "V" Lines for perfect fit Enjoy your junior Prom with the assurance that you are properly attired. Be sure it's a Manhattan Shirt. Exclusive Campus Agents. « ipi V Gentlemens Outfitters J 370 SPBVCE »T, PHILAS-^ A scene at the Palestra as the fast-stepping Pennsylvania quintet plays host to a rival before a large throng. At the left is the Punch Bowl football team practicing for its annual defeat at the hands of the mighty Pennsylvanian Scribes. This is supposed to be serious practice for the Brewers, who are as serious as can naturally be expected. “Ignorance is bliss”, said the poet, and ignorance of what will befall them when the Scribe Juggernaut meets them, makes them merry.WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934THE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANFIVE•v c. :<r MISS BETTY WYMAN, Lucky Strike Girl, will appear in person at the JUNIOR PROM Last season’s basketball team, coached by Lon Jourdet, captured the Intercollegiate League title by downing rmceton in a sensational game. Most of the team is back this season.Ken Hashagen, towering guard, is one of the mainstays of the champion basketball team.Bob Freeman, who starred at center for the Red and Blue cagers last season, will captain the court champs this year.THE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANWEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934SIXBEFORE THE PROM! BEFORE AND AFTER THE GAME The Place Where We All Meet Is THE NORMANDIE TAVERN 36th and Chestnut Street The Traditional Meeting Place For PENN-MEN AND FRIENDS OF PENN FOR 38 YEARS Friendly Service Special Drinks Minimum Prices Lou Kennedy will be on Hand to Greet Old Friends and New \Y/ci rr>ikAt: national convention of alpha gamma sigma HOTEL NORMANDIE, NOV. 28, 29, 30 and DEC 1A Real Thanksgiving Dinner for Thursday Fruit Cup or Soup - Celery & Olives Roast Vermont Turkey Two Vegetables Rolls & Butter Coffee Dessert Special only at NO SIR ...! In this era of careful buying, those men who have endeavored to save through the purchase of CHEAP CLOTHES have found it FALSE ECONOMY. LANGROCK FINE CLOTHES, correctly styled and hand tailored of the finest imported and domestic fabrics of exclusive design, serve their owners for periods of YEARS. Clothes of this type point the way to SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS and Economy. The Quad Shop you can't afford Cheap Clothes! PENN UNIVERSITY SHOP 3657 Woodland Ave. 'Next to Pennsylvania Barber Shop in Student Arcade " In complete harmony with the setting, two of America’s fairest daughters will lend their loveliness to the annual dance. Betty Wyman, the Lucky Strike model, and Kathleen Lane, vocal artist with Doc Peyton’s band, are to be present in all their glory.Japan’s denunciation of the 1922 Washington Treaty. Admiral Isoroku Yammoto, member of the Japanese delegation participating in Tri-Power conversations here, indicated that Japan would compromise on many points if only the United States and Great Britain granted her equality of naval armaments. Washington, Nov. 27.—1 n unvarnished words, the Congressional leader on naval legislation warned today that if existing treaties are scrapped he will insist, in any ensuing naval race, upon American construction of “five ships for each three laid down by Japan.” Chairman Vinson of the House Naval Affairs Committee was the spokesman. BOXER GETS LIFE SENTENCE Crystal Falls, Mich., Nov. 27.—Maglorie La Belle, 43-year-old former boxer, late today was convicted of first degree murder in the slaying of the Rev. James Lenhart, 63, retired Catholic pastor of Iron River, Mich., and was sentenced by Circuit Judge Frank A. Bell to life imprisonment in solitary confinement and at hard labor.relieve Jim Hauze at center during the game only time can tell. But Cornell must be beaten! The Quakers have the necessary coaching, skill and manpower. Nothing stands in their way except a determined Cornell team. LETS BEAT CORNELL!The squad was at its full strength in practice yesterday except for Ken Hashagen, regular guard on the championship squad last year, who has been out of drill practice for two days on account of a slight cold. He will probably be back in uniform in a few days.SPECTATOR:Day of Atonement Behind The Scenes—Silence and Determination —“Let’s Go, Team!”Tomorrow afternoon Pennsylvania’s seasonal football drama will take place when the Harmanites take the field against Cornell in the effort to erase this campaign’s failures by means of a victory over the visiting Cayugans. The beatings we received at the hands of Ursinus, Yale, Navy and Columbia will be brushed aside in the light of a triumph tomorrow. The success of the local grid season is at stake. You will thrill if Warwick or Elverson or Switzer get away for long gains through a broken field, and should Franny Murray call upon himself for a field goal attempt you’ll die a thousand deaths before he finally boots the pigskin. A chill will dance up and down your spine when the south stand gates are flung open and the band comes marching on the field behind its high-stepping drum major. You’re going to be proud of the Red and Blue tomorrow, regardless of the final score. The stage will be set when Captain Pehnypacker leads his men out on Franklin Field and the cheer leaders call for the team cheer.WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934THE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANQuakers Determined (Continued from Page One)Freshman Basketball (Continued from Page One)Junior Prom (Continued from Page One)SEVENNEW/ EL4/EESContinued from Page OneAfter the Game MIRROR ROOM Hotel Pennsylvania Presenting Philadelphia’s Smartest Revue COCKTAIL HOUR SHOW 5.15 P. M. 3 Shows Nightly—7; 15-11:00-12:30 VINCENT TRAVERS CONDUCTING TWO ORCHESTRAS HARRY SPEAR, Master of Ceremonies Many Other Great Performers 7-COURSE DINNER $1.25 No Parking Charges No Cover Charge Burning the Mid-night Oil HELLERS Open all night tonight to serve the gay throng after the Junior Prom Breakfast served at wierd hours so the traditional crowd can congregate TOPI TYPEWRITER HUNTING BY STARTING HERE! Thousands of Philadelphians have become our satisfied customers because of the Inimitable value we have given and now with this spectacularoffer—a brand new MONARCH NOISELESS TYPEWRITER at a low rental—we anticipate a greater number of new customers. For a limited time we are offering a group of AWMCO rebuilt machines guaranteed to be in perfect condi- , tion—for as little as $9.00. AMERICAN WRITING MACHINE CO. 908 CHESTNUT ST., open T even*ncs KlNgsley 3120 IjlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliillllllllllllllllllllllllHllllllllllllllllllllllliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllll^ HAP’S DELICIOUS ICE CREAM Unique and complete fraternity catering. Inquire about our novel party service and our low prices. HAP’S RETAIL STORES x/ Cover The Town " 1126 Hamilton St. STEvenson 2869 | illlllllllllfflllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllJlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliilllllllllllllllllflllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliilllllllllil Eat all-ways ICE CREAM A REGULAR FEATURE AT THE HOUSTON HALL SERGEANT HALL QUAD SHOP Philadelphia New York Washington Newark Harrisburg BREAKFAST LUNCHEON FOUNTAIN SPECIALSFor Vour Convenience OPEN ALL NIGHT WEDNESDAY Daring The Junior Prom Beastons 3701 SPRUCE OPPOSITE DORMS You Can Still Win FREE MEAL BOOK By Stopping In and Picking the Winning Football Teams Flowers for the Junior Prom CORSAGES OUR SPECIALTY E. E. HECSH 3429 Woodland Ave. ERLANGER THEATRE 21st. and Market Cecil Lean & Cleo Mayfield In Another * * * * Laugh Hit “THE MILKY WAY” BROAD 12th BIG WEEK Kin. 9696 Tonight, 8:30, 40c-$2.00 THE PURSUIT or HAPPINESS After a Full Season in New York The Bundling Hit Seats Now on Sale for Thanksgiving Week lARRICKChestnut at Juniper 4 Days Only Beginning Wed. Eve., Nov. 28th SPECIAL HOLIDAY ATTRACTION MAX GORDON presents WALTER CONNOLLY and ERNEST TRUEX in “GATHER YE ROSEBUDS” By Sidney Howard & Robert Littell Seats now: Eves. 55c, 83c, $l.lO, $1.65 $2.20, $2.75. Mats. Thurs. (Thanksgiving Day) and Sat. 55c, $l.lO, $2.20 Tax Included. FAYS 40,h * Market Giant Pre-Holiday Show 8 Big Acts of Vaudeville and BELA LUGOSI in "The Return of Chandu" Commodore 43rd & Walnut StsTODAY NEW LOW PRICES Matinee 20c Evening 30c ANN HARDING /7 The Fountain* 7 with PAUL LUKAS BRIANE AHERNE JEANE HERSHOLTEnjoy A Delicious Steak In the Pleasant Atmosphere Of EL CHARRO GRILLE Mexican & American Foods 3451 Woodland Ave.ARCADIA THEATRE Chestnut at 16th CONTINUOUS - 11 to 11 HELEN HAYES in Sir James M. Barries’s "WHAT EVERY WOMAN KNOWS' with Brian Ahcrnc ALDINE Chestnut Sts. EDDIE CANTOR "KID MILLIONS" with Ann Sothern - Ethel Merman and the Goldwyn Girls “His best film to date ” BOYD Chestnut Sts. "COLLEGE RHYTHM" with JOE PENNER LANNY ROSS JACK OAKIE HELEN MACK LYDA ROBERTI MARY BRIAN CADI C THEATRE llth & Market In Person AMOS & ANDY with Bill Hay Also "Lady by Choice" with Carole Lombard, May Robson and Roger Pryor Market at 16th R it . 8550 HELD OVER "White Parade" Loretta Young & John Boles ON OUR STAGE Britton Frank & Britton Shirley Howard Harris Twins & Loretta STANLEY Market Sts. Starts Thursday "FLIRTATION WALK" with Dick Powell Rnby Keeler Pal O’Brien Thrill to Three New Small Songs STANTON MarkefSt* "Gentlemen Are Born" Starring Franchot Tone Jean Mnir Margaret Lindsay Ann Dvorak Nick Foran Ross Alexander MIDNIGHT SHOW EVERY SUNDAY, 12:01 A. M.Classified AN OPPORTUNITY for two or three active undergraduates to earn commissions on sales we make to students of the University. For details call at the store and ask for Mr. Mitchell. JACOB REED’S SONS, 1424 Chestnut Street. exception of Nunn, who replaced Earl Stiles at left end this week, it is the same eleven that bafflled a gallant Dartmouth aggregation here two weeks ago. The Varsity ended its hard scrimmages both on offense and defense in preparation for what will probably be a wide-open game of football. A rejuvenated aerial attack that has been working smoothly ever since the Varsity went down to a 14-0 defeat at the hands of Columbia’s hard-hitting eleven, may bring about the victory over Pennsylvania that is so ardentlyhoped for in Ithaca.offensive of the Club in 1935. Although war experience is helpful no opinions have been ventured yet on an R. O. T. C. training. It is not necessary to success in the eyes of General Brown. Experienced and inexperienced alike will find much fun and foolishness in warfare Mask and Wig style. And a big public always acclaims the men on preliminary skit night, whether they be heroes in fact or heroes merely in the making. While the Mask and Wig is unable to promise bonuses or compensation insurance to the men who risk their reputations for the sake of acquiring some valuable stage experience that will stand them in good stead for 1935, Bo Brown finally has confessed, “There’s the Mask and Wig Trophy itching to be given away. And the judges will be itching to pick the men to compete for it on December 11 and 12.”NOTICESFootball—Members of the Varsity squad may call at Miss Dunlap’s office in Weightman Hall for the group picture. Band—All eligible sophomores are urged to come out for the managerial competition of the Band. Duties are light. Free admission to all University Athletic functions. Report to the Band office in Houston Hall Tuesday, December 4th between 1 and 2 P. M. Boxing—Competive boxing tournaments scheduled for today will be postponed until Wednesday, December 5. Regular practice for Varsity and Freshman teams will also begin Wednesday. Basketball Freshman candidates report in Weightman Hall at 4:00 P.M. Monday. Physical Education Activities—The fall schedule will be continued out-of-doors up to and including December 7. In case of inclement weather the squads will meet indoors. This notice supersedes the notice published Friday, November 9, 1934, indicating that the shift to the indoor schedule would be made immediately after Thanksgiving. The damsels at the New Jersey college for women were warned by the student publication to learn grid etiquette. Here are some of the fine points of football that should be known: “When your friend’s alma mater fails to score, cheer him up by saying, ‘Old Washout seems to be off the gold standard’.”EIGHTMask and Wig (Continued from Page One)THE DAILY PENNSYLVANIANCornell Determined (Continued from Page One)WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1934do you know that money is saved by depositing now? four kinds of life insurance in one policy suited for the man in college arthur k. liveright 123 broad street south- phone kingsley 0130For a Delicious f TURKEY DINNER Bring Your Friends and Family to the Dining Room of the Jewish Student s House 3613 LOCUST STREET Under supervision of the United Synagogues Mr. & Mrs. M. Kean, CaterersI^l MISS EVELYN WATTS, popular New York debutante; "The last Camel I smoke at night tastes just as good as the first in the morning. Camels are very mild, too. Even when I smoke a lot, they never upset my nerves.” TOBACCO EXPERTS ALL SAY: EDWARD KENT, ’36-GEOLOGY STUDENT. Edward Kent knows the value of a full reserve of natural, vibrant energy. And that’s one of the reasons why he sticks to Camels. In his own words: "It takes a lot of hard work to acquire any thorough knowledge of geology—and a lot of energy. It’s tiring at times, but like most of the fellows around here, I have found that smoking a Camel cheers me up ... chases away all fatigue ... gives me that 'lift’ in mental alertness and physical well-being which I need to be able to go on working with renewed energy.” u Camels are made f rbm finer. More Expensive Tobaccos—Turkish and Domestic —than any other popular brand. * » r JOIN THE NEW CAMEL CARAVAN SURVEYOR. "When I’m working hard, I find that a great way to keep up my energy is to smoke a Camel every now and again,” says Prescott Halsey. "Camels seem to bring back my natural energy and chase away all feeling of tiredness.” -i with ANNETTE HANSHAW WALTER O’KEEFE TED HUSING GLEN GRAY’S CASA LOMA ORCHESTRA TUESDAY THURSDAY ANNETTE HANSHAW OVER COAST-TO-COAST WABC-COLUMBIA NETWORK Copyright. 1934, B. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company mBeat Cornell Phone: BARing 8427 $ _ TOWING / Extra Charges for Lifting Etc. / /> START QR TOW VOUR CAR TO ANY PART OF THE CITY NEVER CLOSED Parts For All Makes of Cats A. A. A. A. A. SERVICE 3329 WOODLAND AVE. Rent A Car 11c per mile for measured mileage $2 per day for limited mileage Never Closed 3329 Woodland Ave. Baring 8427lllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllillllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly Yellow Lantern Inn “Good Food At Sensible Prices” = I Thanksgiving Day $ 1 00 | j Turkey Dinner with all the Fixin’s * With two wine courses $1.25 | Served 12 noon to 12 midnight E Special attention given to private parties E | Reserve your tables now 3441-43 Walnut Stree E | A. C. Bowdish EVE. 2924 |